# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary

This dataset is called **Bank Marketing Data Set** and contains data about marketing campaigns (phone calls) of a Portuguese banking institution. 

It contains 20 input variables related to bank client, last contact information, social and economic attributes and other attributes. The goal is to predict if the client will subscribe a term deposit with the bank. More details can be find at [this link](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bank%20Marketing#).

The best performance model was a XX obtained with the execution of AutoML which resulted in 99% accuracy. 

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

There are two computing resources involved in the Scikit-learn pipeline architecture: an instance used to run the notebook and a cluster used to run Hyperdrive. The notebook create the cluster using the sdk wich is also used to create the container wich will execute Hyperdrive. Once the container is properly started with all dependencies needed to run python with scikit-learn at most 4 simultaneaus jobs from Hyperdrive are executed to do hyperparameter tunning.

Os dados são lidos utilizando um Azure Dataset Tabular, criado com o método from_delimited_files da classe TabularDatasetFactory a partir do arquivo csv [deste link](https://automlsamplenotebookdata.blob.core.windows.net/automl-sample-notebook-data/bankmarketing_train.csv).

The classification algorithm used was Logistic Regression wich 

The benefits for RandomParameterSampling is the lower resource consume and in most of the cases equivalent performance results comparing to other exhaustive methods.

One of the benefit for the early stopping policy Bandit is that it is more suitable for resource savings.


## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
